- [x] 10:00 5th English class #IELTS 

Describe something you received for free 
You should say:
What it was
Who you received it from
Where you received it
And explain how you felt about it 
Part 3
1. Do you think people should pay for higher education？Why？
2. Is it good or bad for people to have free education in the future?
3. What free gifts do companies usually give to their customers?
4. Why do customers like to received free gifts from companies?


Describe a time when you gave advice to others 
You should say:
When it was
To whom you gave the advice
What the advice was 
And explain why you gave the advice
Part 3
1. Should people prepare before giving advice?
2. Is it good to ask advice from strange online?
3. What are the personalities of people whose job is to give advice to others?
4. What are the problems if you ask too many people for advice?


Describe a time when you moved to a new home/school
You should say:
When you moved
Where you moved
Why you moved
And how you felt about it
Part 3
1. Why do people move to a new home?
2. What problems will people face after moving to a new place?How do people solve these problems?
3. What are the advantages and disadvantages of living in the same place?
4. Is it good to move to a new place frequently? Why?


Describe a difficult thing you did
You should say:
What it was 
How you did/completed it
Why it was difficult
And how you felt about doing it
Part 3
1. What kinds of jobs require people to be confident?
2. On what occasions should children be encouraged? How?
3. How do you help children stay for focused?
4. What challenges do young people face today?


Describe a time when you felt proud of family member
You should say:
When it happened
Who the person is
What the person did 
And explain why you felt proud of him/her
Part 3
1. When would parents feel proud of their children?
2. Should parents reward children?Why and how?
3. Is it good to reward children too often?Why?
4. On what occasions would adults proud of themselves?