- 奋进
- [x] 2nd English class #IELTS

Describe a cafe you like to visit 
You should say:
Where it is
What kinds of food and drinks it serves
What you do there
And explain why you like to go there
Part 3
1. What kind of people would like to go to a cafe?
2. Why do young people like studying in a cafe instead of at home?
3. Do old people like to drink coffee?
4. Do Chinese people like to drink coffee?


Describe a place you visited on vacation
You should say:
Where it is
When you went there
What you did there
And explain why you went there 
Part 3
1. What are some popular attractions that people like to visit in your country?
2. Do old people and young people choose different places to go on vacation? Why?
3. What do young people and old people think about when making travel plans?
4. How do people find out about a new place?


Describe a city that you think is very interesting 
You should say:
Where it is
What it is famous for 
How you knew this city
And explain why you think it is very interesting
Part 3
1. What advantages can tourist bring to a city?
2. Why do some young people like to live in cities?
3. Do most elderly people live in the city or in the countryside?
4. Do you think well-developed tourism will have negative effects on local people?


Describe a place in a village that visited
You should say:
Where it is 
When you visited this place
What you did there
And how you feel about this place 
Part 3
1. Is there anything special about the village in China?
2. Why do people want to go to the countryside?
3. What do people usually do when going to a village ?
4. Do you think people will live in the village in the future?