- [x] 10:00 3rd English class #IELTS 
- [x] 15:00 Free talk
- [x] 不奋进
- [Why Do People Rather Text Than Talk? | Paldesk](https://www.paldesk.com/why-do-people-rather-text-than-talk/) 字体好看，排版值得借鉴 #待整理

Describe an exciting book that you enjoy reading
You should say:
When you read it
What kind of book it is 
What it is about
And explain why you think it is exciting
Part3
1. Do you prefer books or movies?
2. Do you think it is very important to read the book before watching the movie version of it?
3. Do boys and girls like the same kinds of books?
4. What kinds of books do Chinese people like reading?


Describe a good service you received
You should say:
What the service was
When you received it
Who you were with
And how you felt about it
Part 3
1. What do you think of the relationship between companies and customers?
2. As a customer, what kinds of services would you expect to receive from a company?
3. What kinds of jobs involve coping with the public?
4. Why should companies react quickly when customers have difficulties?

       The company should provide the best possible service to all their customers because they don't want the reputation to be bad
	   good reputation can attract more customers which will be beneficial to the company


Describe a difficult decision that you once made 
You should say：
What the decision was
When you made your decision
How long it take to make the decision
And explain why it was difficult to make 
Part 3
1. What decisions do people usually make in their daily lives?
2. Which is easier, making a decision by yourself or making a decision after group discussion?
3. Why are many young people unwilling to follow their parent's advice?
4. Why would middle-aged people tend to second guess their own decision?


Describe a habit your friend has and you want to develop
You should say:
Who your friend is 
What habit he/ she has
When you noticed this habit
And explain why you want to develop this habit
Part 3
1. What habits should children have?
2. What should parents do to teach their children good habits?
3. What influences do children with bad habits have on other children?
4. Why do some habits change when people get older?