- [x] 10:00-11:00 English class #IELTS 

A rule that you don‘t like  (不喜欢的规则） 
You should say:
What it is
Why you don‘t like it
How others feel about the rule 
And explain whether you’ve followed the rule

arobic excercise
coercive
no fighting
don't drop litter
not bring phone
descipline
resent

liberal
bedtime
curfew
parking ticket
fine
wheel clamping
tow your car away
scandle
tandem

A gift for friend  (送朋友的礼物）
Describe a gift you would like to buy for your friend
You should say:
What gift you would like to buy
Who you would like to give it to 
Why you would like to buy a gift for him/her
And explain why you choose that gift

anniversary
graduation
house-warming
quilt
pillow
when say sorry
peace offering
选择困难症
cosmetic
wine wisky
underpressure
obligation
ulterior motive

Some people think that a sense of competition should be encouraged at school, while others believe that students who are encouraged to cooperate become more useful adults. Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Some people who have been successful in society don't attribute their success to the theoretical knowledge they learned from their university. Do you agree that theoretical knowledge is not as valuable as expected?
顾p75


Nowadays, news reported by the media tends to focus on problems and emergency situations rather than on positive developments. Do the advantages of this rend outweigh the disadvantages?

Today, there is much more news on problems and emergencies than on positive developments in the media. In my opinion, the advantages of this trend outweigh the disadvantages.

On the one hand, this trend has some disadvantages. Many people today have stressful lifestyles and suffer from anxiety. News reports that focus on problems and emergencies rather than on positive developments are likely to increase their stress and anxiety. Also, frequent exposure to news reports on problems and emergencies, such as car accidents, building fires and natural disasters, may make people indifferent to them.

On the other hand, I believe that the advantages of this trend outweigh its disadvantages. It can raise public awareness of a wide range of social problems such as poverty, unemployment and crime. More public awareness of these problems can often lead to more public support and government funding for solutions to the problems. For example, news reports about climate change can raise environmental awareness and motivate people
to develop a more eco-friendly lifestyle.

Furthermore, responsible news reports about emergencies, such as floods and earthquakes, can provide important information to individuals who have families or friends in the affected area but cannot go to the area due to the disaster. These news reports in the media also help charitable organisations to decide the amount of emergency aid that is needed to help the victims of the emergencies.

In conclusion, I believe that the benefits of news reports focusing on problems and emergencies rather than on positive developments outweigh the drawbacks.