Starting a business straight out of college comes with pros and cons. Proponents say that it is better to start early because when you are young, you are less likely to have responsibilities and heavy financial outgoings to be concerned about, and more likely to have the amount of energy and ambition needed for success. However, opponents counter that starting a business involves risks considering the statistic that nine out of ten businesses fail in the first five years. Personally, I am an outspoken supporter of entrepreneruship. It is true that being a business owner is sometimes stressful and intense, but it is also a chance to build an enterprise from your own ideas and aspirations.

Starting a business is both a feasible and a worthy alternative to the traditional corporate career path. In recent years, not only have the opportunities of employment shrunk globally, but the average graduate salaries have not fared too well either. Facing such a tough job market, why not consider starting up your own business? If you are worried about how to secure financing, there are actually a number of means of support available to help get entrepreneurial ideas off the ground, be it government loans or angel investors who provide capital for business start-ups. Moreover, starting a business of your own is an amazing experience that will bolster your resume. You cannot understand the blood, sweat and tears that go into building a company until you actually built one, and you cannot understand the value of a customer until you see how difficult it can be to acquire one. That is indeed a great opportunity to learn.

So many people out of college succumb to a life of banality because they are told that is what they have to do. But is that what they really want? Instead of working for someone who does not have your best interest at heart, why not work for yourself? Remember, life is short and don't wait until later in life to start a business.